everybody paintball box recover night
shift from a little town called rolling
North Carolina it's about an hour and a
half where I live but what we're working
on now is a 2005 Toyota Tacoma there's
one beast of a truck like this is
amazing
I haven't got everything pulled out
right now wiring it up just to see if it
works so you want to just give it a
click let's see if this will turn on
can't really see anything right now red
light came on
Oh came on turn off the camera it comes
on but we got a DIN Kenwood double been
Wow look at that touchscreen how much
this thing set you back 750 750 dollars
for this thing nice this thing you guys
navigation stand by telephone just kids
17 years old boss everything cash Wow
something else you've got a rear-view
camera just set up can't really see it
too well we're gonna install that next I
forget everything
that the radios sitting down there get
everything wired you just saw and heard
what it sound like now what we're doing
now we got the satellite put on feeding
it down feeding it down we've got it
running through here now we're taking it
down to the doors right down side the
door and then we've got the rear view
camera to install looking good thing
it's nice
we're add a number two into this
we got the satellite in the GPS pretty
crazy
bluetooth everything you can think of
he's got it and then right now we're
working on you can cut it off if you
want
I got the tail light pulled out there's
the rear camera these pen Stella
we gotta go in
I just held it in I just
oh there goes
I'm gonna turn your motor off and it
started up Oh
flowmaster alright I think I'm back to
source here and see if it'll do it from
source now all right all right just turn
back on
I just put it in reverse if it well me
try and reverse all right tiny motor
then flowmasters
so it's day number two of working on it
we got everything pretty much hooked oh
we're just we're just messing around
with it right now
hey baby
all right get Orson do it huh your
source of fries yeah
well it's a pretty cool
you like it oh yeah sleep well happy
graduation gift appreciate it no problem
man see it goes out whenever takes it
out of reverse so go to source how there
you go